create a dedicated guide for RCON (#32)
iw4x/docs: src/content/docs/hosting/server-hosting.mdx

---
title: Setting up a Server
description: Setup and host servers on IW4x

> prev:

Reviewer: Prev tells Starlight that the RCON guide is the previous page to the main Server Hosting guide and logically users usually read the main server hosting guide first, and then move on to advanced administration like RCON so let's fix the order

RCON allows you to execute server commands remotely without direct access to the server console.

**Setting up RCON:**

1. Set a strong password in `server.cfg`:

```bash
   set rcon_password "your_secure_password_here"
```

2. Connect using an RCON client or in-game:

```bash
   /rcon login your_secure_password_here
   /rcon [command]
```

**Useful RCON commands:**

- `/rcon status` - List connected players
- `/rcon map mp_terminal` - Change map
- `/rcon g_gametype war` - Change game mode
- `/rcon kick [player]` - Kick a player

> - `/rcon ban [player]` - Ban a player

Reviewer: We probably want to preserve those, as they're useful

> There is a dedicated page for RCON [here](/hosting/rcon).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the [dedicated RCON guide](/hosting/rcon) for setup instructions and commands.
```
